I would like to know-how hard it is the
mathematics part of computer science undergraduate course love computers...and,
would love to know how to code understand the operating systems
...a technical way to maybe some day work for some big company but I'm worried about using the course because
...mathematics part because I'm not very good at it do you think the teachers do a good
job explaining what you have to do or do you have to learn most...stuff by yourself because if that's the case
I guess it's too hard for me what are your thoughts computer science?
Data...yeah,
I don't know what why...it's so funny like they're.
People just blind to certain things and like the technology world people are
does blind to things and it's so funny because like people say eli...to get
a computer science degree...think I need to know math
...the to words...the to words
...computer science...well computer
layout what's the other word computer.